We support the next generation of financial services by investigating, escalating, and fixing the issues affecting our customers and our consumers.
We believe that the way people interact with their finances will drastically improve in the next few years. We're dedicated to empowering this transformation by building the tools and experiences that thousands of developers use to create their own products. Plaid powers the tools millions of people rely on to live a healthier financial life. We work with thousands of companies like Venmo, SoFi, several of the Fortune 500, and many of the largest banks to make it easy for people to connect their financial accounts to the apps and services they want to use. Plaid's network covers 12,000 financial institutions across the US, Canada, UK and Europe. Founded in 2013, the company is headquartered in San Francisco with offices in New York, Washington D.C., London and Amsterdam.

Plaid Support ensures our customers' applications can help their consumers live their best financial lives by ensuring our products continue to operate as expected. We investigate the root cause of integration issues, quantify their scope and impact, and when we can't fix them ourselves, we work with our Growth and Engineering teams to reach a solution.

As we continue to grow, we're looking for Technical Support Engineers (TSEs) to join the team to help us balance the needs of customers, users and internal stakeholders, while navigating critical technical issues. In this role, you will manage issues from their first symptom to their eventual resolution, communicating with our customers and internal stakeholders throughout the process. People who succeed in this role tend to be empathetic, collaborative, technically minded, and most importantly - customer-centric. They have an interest in learning more about financial services, and are excited to help customers resolve complex issues. TSEs work closely with Plaid's product and engineering teams, and we have a high technical bar to ensure that we all speak the same language. Our Support team sets aggressive goals to meet the standards our customers expect, and we collaborate cross-functionally with our Engineering, Product, Financial Access, and Go-to-Market teams in order to achieve these goals. This role requires candidates to be based in the Eastern Time Zone (EST/EDT) to align with customer needs and team collaboration
Responsibilities
Respond to 10-12 customer tickets per day via Zendesk, meeting quality standards
Troubleshoot customer issues using internal tools and documentation and escalate to Engineering or Partnership teams for resolution
Work on projects with other TSE's to improve internal and external processes
Contribute to brainstorming and project execution (tooling, documentation, process improvements)
Assist GTM teams with customer escalations
Collaborate with EPD teams on issue resolution
Qualifications
2+ years of experience in a customer-facing role
6+ months of experience working with REST APIs, SQL, CSS, HTML and a coding language (Javascript or Python)
Knowledge of ticketing systems and tools (e.g. Zendesk, Jira), and data visualizations (e.g. Mode)
Preferred: 6+ months of experience supporting technical projects and/or process improvement
Genuine interest and passion for Support
Commitment to providing a world-class customer experience
Strong written and verbal communication
Self-starter mentality and ability to work independently
Effective time management and ability to balance multiple priorities
Based in the Eastern Time Zone (EST/EDT)


$73,872.00 - $110,000.00 per year
